Update Trial Expiration Documentation (#906)
hashicorp/terraform-website: content/source/docs/cloud/users-teams-organizations/organizations.html.md

Sentinel is an embedded policy-as-code framework that can enforce rules about Terraform runs within an organization. See [Sentinel](../sentinel/index.html) for more information about Sentinel, or [Managing Sentinel Policies](../sentinel/manage-policies.html) for details about these two settings pages.

## Trial Expired Organizations

Terraform Cloud paid features are available as a free trial to organizations evaluating its features. If you are working with a Hashicorp Sales Representative, please ask them about how to get a free trial. 

> When a free trial has expired, the organizations display a banner reading "TRIAL EXPIRED — Upgrade Required" in the top navigation bar:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a free trial has expired, the organization displays a banner reading "TRIAL EXPIRED — Upgrade Required" in the top navigation bar:
```

![screenshot: the trial expiration banner](./images/org-inactive.png)

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Organizations with expired trials return to the feature set of a free organization, but they retain any data created as part of paid features. Specifically:

- Teams other than `owners` are disabled, and users who don't belong to the `owners` team are locked out of the organization. Team membership and permissions are preserved, and are re-enabled on upgrade. 
- Sentinel policy checks are disabled. Existing policies and policy sets are preserved, and are re-enabled on upgrade. 
- Cost estimation is disabled.
```

Author: LGTM!
